tells crowd over a video channel has
of games and this time the team only eight
bringing you a video of the series
minecraft tutorial and that's it guys and
in today's video will be a good tutorial
cool because I 'm going to teach the guys
To have an automatic farm
watermelon this is it works more or
less so when watermelon is born
activates the boat pistons that active
piston and it automatically
watermelon for people and we make a
system to push the watermelons and she
you come and get it without having to
planting always cool watermelon to
good thing of this system that does not
You need tony
I'll show you how it's done, I'm
me tested the same texture minsk
minecraft that out of nowhere mpf is
wanting to connect there is not showing up
owner and I 've been more beauty guys
come on let's do it here it's you go
do the following will count five blocks
for left- over does not do or
less had ki-moon counterpart
2345 by fax
this one but now you're going to dig in
back of these blocks galera
beauty is what you will do is in this
where we ended you will
put the crowd
Hello
After all, planting needs water.
put water beauty ae bank well guys
in the second on the second block of land
Let's go, let's put a
earth here in unit 3
put three lands right behind well
here you put normal piston turned
forward only has space puts in another
Right comes in this old front pistol
between the two guys you put him
turned up well as well
now with the puts in a block of land
here another one here and another right here since
from the back guys you get puts on a
price of milk the way you said
take a neighborhood garden he will take a
neighborhood and put up ready galley
Our system is ready to go.
said the truth is ready well that
People you grow up to put
thousand watermelon to grow faster there
for you not to have so much that you have with
little patience and prompt galley system
It's ready, let me get a watermelon.
Here to show you.
the bid
and every time a watermelon was born
Our automatic system is
will automatically reap what is good
cool, and you guys can make a
way back from the land, and
yes the square it after the watermelon already
have everything you already have only the system already
had taken many bids come here and
take the guys out very easy
The problem is only you have the patience to
Growing up is a bit boring
but taking this guys out very easy
very easy to do because it does not
needs redstone and much stuff
easy to get
if you can not make use of the veil
Why is not my video slime in
1910 lime good infinite galera
so this is it I hope you have
I like it if you like people do not forget
to leave your favorite blog because
help a lot and guys thanks a lot for
support that you are giving me to see
I just have to thank you even thanks
same people so this is what it said
Opal was born bid it is worth it
said I went even more